Logging 6.1 Prerequisites missing log6x-quickstart-viaq.adoc (#87992)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-quickstart-viaq.adoc

To use the default ViaQ data model, follow these steps:  

.Prerequisites

> * Cluster administrator permissions

Reviewer: One out of scope comment: I noticed that another chapter in this assembly, "Quick start with OpenTelemetry", has the same prerequisite:  "Cluster administrator permissions" so it would be great to also change that to: "You have administrator permissions." for consistency, plus check if any prerequisites are missing there too.

However, I saw that there is more than one PR similar to this, so this might already be addressed elsewere, I just wanted to point that out just in case :+1:

> * You installed the OpenShift CLI (oc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the {oc-first}.
```
We can use an attribute here.

Author: Hello @eromanova97 ,
Thanks for your attention here in peer review.
I understand your point.

I apologize for the inconvenience caused.
I understand the suggested changes; I will try to commit these changes.

Thank you again,

Regard,
Prithviraj Patil

> * You have access to a supported object store. For example: AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure, Swift, Minio, or OpenShift Data Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have access to a supported object store. For example, AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage, {azure-short}, Swift, Minio, or {rh-storage}.
```
We can use attributes here.

Author: Hello @eromanova97 ,
Thanks for your attention here in peer review.
I understand your point.
But I have taken this point from our standard RedHat Documentation.

https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/observability/logging/cluster-logging-deploying.html#logging-loki-cli-install_cluster-logging-deploying

I apologize for the inconvenience caused.
I understand the suggested changes; I will try to commit these changes.

Thank you again,

Regard,
Prithviraj Patil
